dozens of Harvard students are now being
forced to temper temper airily withdraw
from school because of a cheating
scandal now you might have heard about
this when did it take place a little
while doing the investigation relatively
recently they've been investigating this
and involved a final exam in a class on
Congress and because of the amount of
cheating that went on through a lot of
high-profile criticism from around the
nation and from several alumnus
according to the initial reports as many
as 125 students had participated in the
cheating and now about approximately 60
are going to be forced to withdraw
because it's been proven that they were
cheating now in case you weren't
following up on this story from last
year the detected problems come because
the test was a take-home test not doing
this to take home tests let me just give
you some advice if you're a university
professor expect cheating if there's a
take home test that doesn't mean I
condone cheating I just think if you're
gonna do anything online or anything at
home students are either going to share
their answers which is apparently what
happened in this case well they're gonna
look up the answers online or in a book
that's just the way it goes people cheat
you should get the cheating but you
should hope that at Harvard they would
at least hide the fact that they're
sharing answers a little bit better yeah
they should be smarter in their cheating
you Marvin we've done some videos with
tips in the class if you'd like some
cheating tips up just cutting we don't
condone cheating but this does show that
although cheating it does take place
even at very quote/unquote prestigious
universities you can still get caught
and it can still have some pretty
serious consequences and no doubt that's
going on your university record and so
if you plan on getting a job after
Harvard which I'm sure is probably why
you went to Harvard good luck with that
because it's you're gonna have a much
harder time now that you know you're
gonna they're gonna say oh what's this
what's this gap from I see you weren't
allowed to attend school for two
semesters beginner you cheated yeah so
ya better watch out I mean I don't know
exactly how they met I mean maybe some
of the students did like plea deals or
something and they don't get on their
record but if it is and you were going
to Harvard like first of all that's your
possibly losing financial aid by having
to take that force gap that's a lot of
money there you're wasting a lot of time
I like that they're taking its ear
slave by this has got to be pretty
noteworthy historically sixty students
from an Ivy League university being
forced to withdraw because cheating in
look ITA a political science classes but
seriously introduction to Congress yeah
you should not have to cheat on
introduction to Congress if you're in
Harvard yeah exactly
but yeah seriously like I understand
that cheating especially on take-home
tests will happen but this is a gen ed
man you got to be a little bit smarter
about it change them but I think perhaps
that's where more cheating occurs is
because when you're in those gen ed
courses people are in classes that they
don't really care about you're not
really pursuing seriously so yeah
exactly but I do think it's good that
Harvard is going after this because
sometimes what we see especially with
universities and just groups in general
that have very high reputations it's
when something like this that has it's
really bad for them they happens they
just kind of tried to sweep it under the
rug or pretend like it didn't happen so
I'm sure that probably some of some of
this severe action is in part to kind of
cover the reputations I know no we don't
tolerate stuff like this but regardless
good that they're going after stuff like
this in even more bad news for
stereotyping a lot of athletes weren't
snared in this supposedly at least two
basketball team co-captains the school
had a scratch from their team roster and
the Harvard Crimson has also linked
football baseball and hockey players in
with it so not great for the sports
stereotype keep your eyes on your own
paper people I like that the athletes
were actually doing the tests and
sharing their own answers as opposed to
having one of their school sponsored
tutors and stuff do it for them so this
is actually an improvement it does get
better we don't hate on all athletes no
no no just yeah but once you're cheap
great